feat: mutability (#95)
exercism/cairo: concepts/mutability/introduction.md

# Introduction

> Cairo uses an immutable memory model, which means that once a memory cell is written to, it can't be changed. With this standard, variables are immutable by default. However, Cairo provides a mechanism to create mutable variables using the `mut` keyword when needed, offering flexibility while maintaining the benefits of immutability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mutability is a property of a particular binding of a value to a variable. A variable is either immutable or mutable. An immutable variable's value may not be changed; a mutable variable's value can be changed. All variables are immutable by default.
```
More to the point
